update(content/docs): sync with docs changes of Falco 0.33.0 about alerts and event sources (#708)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/event-sources/kubernetes-audit.md

* Failed field value extraction should now be checked with the `exists` operator, and not by comparing with the `<NA>` string
* The `<NA>` string literal is not returned anymore, neither in single-valued fields nor in list fields. In the legacy implementation, field existence was occasionally checked with expressions like `ka.target.subresource != <NA>`, which would now inherently be always false, because if the field was absent the string comparison ends up failing. Instead, prefer using the analoguous `ka.target.subresource exists`, which explicitly checks for missing values
* The `/healtz` endpoint endpoint of Falco cannot bind to the same port of the K8S Audit Log endpoint (e.g. `/k8s-audit`), due to the fact that they are now managed by two different webservers (one in Falco, one in the plugin)

> * In versions of Falco between [Falco v0.32.0](/blog/falco-0-32-0.md) and [Falco v0.33.0](/blog/falco-0-33-0.md), Syscalls and K8S Audit event sources cannot be active at the same time due to the restriction of having 1 event source active for each Falco instance. Starting from [version 0.33.0](/blog/falco-0-33-0.md), Falco introduced a standard support for [consuming events from multiple event sources running within the same Falco instance](/docs/event-sources/#configuring-event-sources).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Falco versions 0.32.x ([Falco v0.32.0](/blog/falco-0-32-0.md) and  [Falco v0.32.1](/blog/falco-0-32-1.md)), Falco didn't allow the use of Syscalls and K8S Audit event sources on the same instance. Starting from [version 0.33.0](/blog/falco-0-33-0.md), Falco introduced the capability of [consuming events from multiple event sources simultaneously within the same Falco instance](/docs/event-sources/#configuring-event-sources).
```
